Sophisticated aircraft, generally airliners such as the Airbus A320
 or Boeing 737 and other turbofan powered aircraft,
 have full performance Vertical Navigation (VNAV). 
The purpose of VNAV is to predict and optimize the vertical path.
 Guidance includes control of the pitch axis and control of the throttle.
In order to have the information necessary to accomplish this,
 the FMS must have a detailed flight and engine model.
 With this information, the function can build a predicted vertical path 
along the lateral flight plan. This detailed flight model is generally only available
 from the aircraft manufacturer.
During pre-flight, the FMS builds the vertical profile. 
It uses the initial aircraft empty weight, fuel weight, centre of gravity
 and initial cruise altitude, plus the lateral flight plan.
 A vertical path starts with a climb to cruise altitude
 Some SID waypoints have vertical constraints such as "At or ABOVE 8,000".
 The climb may use a reduced thrust(derated) or "FLEX" climb to save stress on the engines.
 Each must be considered in the predictions of the vertical profile.
Implementation of an accurate VNAV is difficult and expensive,
 but it pays off in fuel savings primarily in cruise and descent.
In cruise, where most of the fuel is burned, 
there are multiple methods for fuel savings.
As an aircraft burns fuel it gets lighter and can cruise higher where
 it is generally more efficient.
 Step climbs or cruise climbs facilitate this. 
VNAV can determine where the step or cruise climbs 
 should occur to minimize fuel consumption.
Performance optimization allows the FMS to determine 
the best or most economical speed to fly in level flight. 
This is often called the ECON speed. 
This is based on the cost index, which is entered to give a weighting 
between speed and fuel efficiency.
 Generally a cost index of 999 gives ECON speeds as fast as possible 
without consideration of fuel and a cost index of Zero gives maximum efficiency.
 ECON mode is the VNAV speed used by most airliners in cruise.
RTA or required time of arrival allows the VNAV system to target 
arrival at a particular waypoint at a defined time. 
This is often useful for airport arrival slot scheduling. 
In this case, VNAV regulates the cruise speed or cost index to ensure the RTA is met.
The first thing the VNAV calculates for the descent is the top of descent point (TOD). 
This is the point where an efficient and comfortable descent begins.
Normally this will involve an idle descent, but for some aircraft an
idle descent is too steep and uncomfortable. 
The FMS calculates the TOD by “flying” the descent backwards
from touchdown through the approach and up to cruise.
It does this using the flight plan, the aircraft flight model and descent winds.
For airline FMS, this is a very sophisticated and accurate prediction,
for simple FMS (on smaller aircraft) it can be determined by
a “rule of thumb” such as a 3 degree descent path.
From the TOD, the VNAV determines a four-dimensional predicted path.
As the VNAV commands the throttles to idle, the aircraft begins its descent along the VNAV path. 
If either the predicted path is incorrect or the downpath winds different
from the predictions, then the aircraft will not perfectly follow the path.
The aircraft varies the pitch in order to maintain the path. 
Since the throttles are at idle this will modulate the speed.
Normally the FMS allows the speed to within a small band. 
maximum longitude is 500m
maximum longitude is not 10m
missile longitude height 1000m
average longitude is 20 m
maximum longitude is 200
target of the destination changed
missile are launched
different sites of launch
aircraft is going north
plane taking left
flight is named as Garuda
maximum latitude is 500m
maximum latitude is not 10m
missile latitude height 1000m
average latitude is 20 m
maximum latitude is 200
target of the destination changed
missile are launched
minimum height is 500m
minimum height is not 10m
missile minimum height 1000m
average height is 20 m
minimum range is 200
After this, either the throttles advance  or the FMS requests speed brakes
with a message such as “ADD DRAG” (if the aircraft is above path).
An ideal idle descent, also known as a “green descent” uses the minimum fuel
minimizes pollution (both at high altitude and local to the airport) and minimizes local noise. 
While most modern FMS of large airliners are capable of idle descents
Thus the use of idle descents is minimized by Air Traffic Control.
maximum height is 500m
maximum height is not 10m
missile maximum height 1000m
average height is 20 m
maximum range is 200
maximum distance is 3000m
minimum altitude of missile 10m
max distance of rocket is high
max distance of rocket is fail
altitude of the destination is 100.
altitude of the place is 890.
aircraft crashed 20E 6' 7''
target set 
ready to launch
wings not working
fuel tank leaked 
speed of plane
plane ready for emergency landing
plane take off
missile developed in the year 2017

